docs/_admin/deliveries.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Deliveries
has_children: true
nav_order: 3
---

# Deliveries

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" role="alert">
Here you will find all the settings related to local commerce and last mile deliveries. 
</div>

---

By clicking on <span><i class="fa fa-bicycle" aria-hidden="true"></i> Deliveries</span> the main screen will display all the deliveries from Stores and from the External Form. Each delivery is linked to a store.

On the left-hand side are displayed settings related to Delivery orders.

On the Deliveries main page you can do the following:

## Search 
You can search deliveries by delivery number, store or address.

## <span><i class="fa fa-upload" aria-hidden="true"></i> Import<span>
You can import a `.csv` file with multiple deliveries for a specific store.

By clicking on <span><i class="fa fa-upload" aria-hidden="true"></i> Import<span> a pop-up will display prompting you to choose a Store and upload a `.csv` file. You can also download an example spreadsheet to learn how to set up your import file.

## <span><i class="fa fa-download" aria-hidden="true"></i> Export<span>
You can export a `.csv` file of a specific time range containing Deliveries from all stores.

## <span><i class="fa fa-plus" aria-hidden="true"></i> Create a new delivery<span>
You can create a single delivery for a specific store.

Deliveries are split in three sections, **Today**, **Upcoming** and **Past**.

Commit message:

clean: add link to pricing docs from deliveries page

docs/_admin/deliveries.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Deliveries
has_children: true
nav_order: 3
---

# Deliveries

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" role="alert">
Here you will find all the settings related to local commerce and last mile deliveries. 
</div>

---

By clicking on <span><i class="fa fa-bicycle" aria-hidden="true"></i> Deliveries</span> the main screen will display all the deliveries from Stores and from the External Form. Each delivery is linked to a store.

On the left-hand side are displayed settings related to "Delivery orders"/non-foodtech orders. Especially if you want deliveries to be priced (for invoicing for example), please read the [pricing section](en/admin/deliveries/pricing/).

On the Deliveries main page you can do the following:

## Search 
You can search deliveries by delivery number, store or address.

## <span><i class="fa fa-upload" aria-hidden="true"></i> Import<span>
You can import a `.csv` file with multiple deliveries for a specific store.

By clicking on <span><i class="fa fa-upload" aria-hidden="true"></i> Import<span> a pop-up will display prompting you to choose a Store and upload a `.csv` file. You can also download an example spreadsheet to learn how to set up your import file.

## <span><i class="fa fa-download" aria-hidden="true"></i> Export<span>
You can export a `.csv` file of a specific time range containing Deliveries from all stores.

## <span><i class="fa fa-plus" aria-hidden="true"></i> Create a new delivery<span>
You can create a single delivery for a specific store.

Deliveries are split in three sections, **Today**, **Upcoming** and **Past**.
