docs/_admin/restaurants/product-settings.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 'Product settings'
parent: Restaurants
nav_order: 3
---
# Product settings

<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert">
Here is where you can set up the online listing of products and its additional settings for a Business accoount.</div>

These are all the settings that can be configured: 

[Products](#-products)  
[Options/extras for products](#-options)  
[Create different menus]() **COMING SOON**  
[Orders dashboard]() **COMING SOON**  
[Preparation times]() **COMING SOON**  
[Promotions for customers]() **COMING SOON**  
[Deposit-refund for packaging]() **COMING SOON**  
[Stats]() **COMING SOON**  
[Schedule]() **COMING SOON**  

**Navigate to Products:**

1. Click on `Restaurants` at the top menu
2. Find the Restaurant you want to update and click on the number to the left of its name
3. At the top you'll find a dedicated Restaurant navigation menu
4. On the right-hand side you'll find the settings mentioned above.
5. By clicking on any of the above settings you'll be take to the respective documentation

## <i class="fa fa-database"></i> Products

{% include_relative _includes/products.md %}

## <i class="fa fa-sliders"></i> Options

{% include_relative _includes/extras.md %}

Commit message:

add menus and active menu

docs/_admin/restaurants/product-settings.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 'Product settings'
parent: Restaurants
nav_order: 3
---
# Product settings

<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert">
Here is where you can set up the online listing of products and its additional settings for a Business accoount.</div>

These are all the settings that can be configured: 

[<span><i class="fa fa-database" aria-hidden="true"></i> Products</span>](#-products)  
[<span><i class="fa fa-sliders" aria-hidden="true"></i> Options</span>](#-options)  
[<span><i class="fa fa-cube" aria-hidden="true"></i> Orders</span>]() **COMING SOON**  
[<span><i class="fa fa-list" aria-hidden="true"></i> Menus</span>](#-menus) **COMING SOON**  
[<span><i class="fa fa-cutlery" aria-hidden="true"></i> Active menu</span>](#-active-menu) **COMING SOON**  
[<span><i class="fa fa-clock-o" aria-hidden="true"></i> Planning</span>]() **COMING SOON**  
[<span><i class="fa fa-bar-chart" aria-hidden="true"></i> Statistics</span>]() **COMING SOON**  
[<span><i class="fa fa-percent" aria-hidden="true"></i> Promotions</span>]() **COMING SOON**  
[<span><i class="fa fa-clock-o" aria-hidden="true"></i> Preparation</span>]() **COMING SOON**  

Go to the main settings of a Restaurant. At the right-hand side of its name you will see the settings from above laid out vertically.

## <i class="fa fa-database"></i> Products

{% include_relative _includes/products.md %}

## <i class="fa fa-sliders"></i> Options

{% include_relative _includes/extras.md %}

## <i class="fa fa-list"></i> Menus

{% include_relative _includes/menus.md %}
