---
id: 2ef3587e-bc8d-4d67-8496-1e9536df5c3c
title: Admin
desc: ''
updated: 1605205344502
created: 1604763615065
parent: null
children:
  - 26e9af49-0524-496c-a5db-db625198575e
  - bb18d7f9-cecb-4ac1-b69d-88c7bf28c895
  - 35eab0e1-02a6-49e8-a513-7759157e193b
  - 222abb37-c573-45fd-88db-983c22d39e9f
  - 7df210ad-8f65-46b0-8d0b-4a745bd43de6
  - b72d9fda-2717-4289-b9a1-b22db54665aa
  - 70546c61-ca21-4276-9263-d9aaefac7c44
  - 6980441b-9485-49c0-85a3-5d58e59a7f7e
nav_order: 1
fname: admin
hpath: admin
---
# Admin's guide

* * *

Welcome to the administrator's guide for the CoopCycle platform.

Our software is a complete logistics and e-commerce system allowing the delivery of a product from A to B. Our platform is dedicated to bicycle delivery and its license is designed to reserve the use for worker owned co-operatives only.

The platform is composed of two components:

## Logistics

Pickup and dropoff management organised into a task system (two tasks form a delivery) allowing the following user actions:

- The **administrator**:
  - can assign tasks or task lists to a courier.
  - can track the position of a courier in real time from the dispatch (dashboard) screen; assigning tasks can be done the day before or in real time.
  - can manage pricing for stores (by weight, distance, zone, type of bike).

- The **courier**:

  - will receive the tasks on their smartphone (iOS and Android).
  - can mark a task as completed or failed and can add a comment.

- The **customer**:
  - can place an order on the platform and pay (price calculation is automated and secured through Stripe).

## E-commerce

Management of restaurants and shops, allowing the following user actions:

- The **customer**:

  - can place an order via the platform (website) or via the smartphone application.
  - can place an order from a restaurant, by inputing their address and selecting a delivery time.

- The **business**:
  - receives the order in real time, they can then accept or reject it.
  - can mark the order as ready, in this case the courier is notified.
  - can manage their menu online.

## Admin access

Having admin access means your local coop has an instance on the CoopCycle platform (e.g.: <https://awesomecoop.coopcycle.org>)

If you have admin access it means your user account on your [CoopCycle](https://coopcycle.org/en/) instance has been given admin privileges by the developer.

## Admin privileges

Admin privileges means you have full control over your CoopCycle instance.

Check the sub-categories under **Admin** to learn more about your instance.

# Key concepts

* * *

## Tasks and Orders

### Tasks

A **task** is the smallest unit of a delivery order.

A **task** is a To-Do unit under a specific address and a set timeframe.

There are **two** types of tasks:

- **Pickup** or Collection
- **Dropoff** or Delivery

Each **order** consists of a minimum of two **tasks** that a dispatcher assigns to a courier.

#### Pickup and Dropoff

The following information must be completed by the dispatcher for each task:

- Address
- Time range
- Commentary

The following information is used to track the progress of a task in the delivery process:

- Status
- History
  The courier must pick up merchandise at an address and bring it to another address.

## Orders

Assign two or more tasks to a delivery person creating a delivery. When the Retrieve and Drop tasks are created, the dispatcher assigns these tasks manually in the most optimal order that they judge. The creation of a delivery is materialized on the map by means of a GPS track which is proposed to the courier for delivery.

