docs/_admin/deliveries/externaldisplay.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Order Form
parent: Deliveries
---

# External display (Order form)

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" role="alert">
The <strong>order form</strong> can be embedded on any website external to the CoopCycle platform. It allows for anyone to place an order on your instance without requiring a user account.
</div>

---

### Delivery creation form

1. Click the <span class="badge badge-success">+ Add</span> button
2. Choose a **Pricing**
3. Choose a **Time slot** or select the deafult option.
    **a.** The default option allows for custom date and time selection.
4. Select the default option for **Package set**
    <code><strong>Package set</strong> option will be deprecated in the near future.</code>
5. **Add vechicle choice**. If checked it will give a simple choice to the customer to select between **biycle** or **cargo bike**.
6. If checked, **Ask for weight of goods** make it mandatory to the customer to insert the weight of their in **kilograms**.

Commit message:

add pricing conditions and external display

docs/_admin/deliveries/externaldisplay.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Order Form
parent: Deliveries
---

# External display (Order form)

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" role="alert">
The <strong>Order form</strong> can be embedded on any website external to the CoopCycle platform. It allows for anyone to place and pay for an order on your instance without requiring a user account.<br>
The platform allows you to create multiple, independent delivery forms.
</div>

---

## Creation delivery form

1. Click the <span class="badge badge-success"><i class="fa fa-plus"></i> Add</span> button
   ### **Pricing**
   Choose a pricing that corresponds for each Order form.

   See here on how to [create a pricing](/en/admin/deliveries/pricing/).
   ### **Time slot**
   Choose a time slot that corresponds for each Order form. 

   The default option `Choose a time slot` allows the user to select a custom time.

   See here on how to [create a time slot](/en/admin/deliveries/timeslots/).

   ### **Package set**
   Choose a package that corresponds for each Order form.

   See here on how to [create a package](/en/admin/deliveries/packages/)

   ### Add a vehicle choice
   Checking ☑️ this option will give the user a choice between a **regular bicycle** or a **cargo bike** to choose from dependant on their parcel size.

   ### Ask for weight of goods

   This will display and make the **weight** field mandatory when creating an order.
